docs - convertTimezone, datetimeAdd, datetimeSubtract, and datetimeDiff (#26685)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/expressions/datetimesubtract.md

| Boolean                 | ❌                   |
| JSON                    | ❌                   |

> This table uses `timestamp` and `datetime` interchangeably. If your dates and times are stored as strings or numbers in your database, you can [cast them to datetimes](../../../data-modeling/metadata-editing.md#casting-to-a-specific-data-type) from the Data Model page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table uses `timestamp` and `datetime` interchangeably. If your dates and times are stored as strings or numbers in your database, an admin can [cast them to datetimes](../../../data-modeling/metadata-editing.md#casting-to-a-specific-data-type) from the Data Model page.
```
